Fix: Fix grammatical error (#334)
ethereum-optimism/community-hub: src/docs/how-optimism-works/README.md

Optimism is designed so that users can send arbitrary messages between smart contracts on Optimism and Ethereum.
This makes it possible to transfer assets, including ERC20 tokens, between the two networks.

> The exact mechanism by which this communication differs depends on the direction in which the communication occurs.

Reviewer: Hah, good catch. I think the intended phrasing was probably something along the lines of:

```suggestion
The exact mechanism by which this communication occurs differs depending on the direction in which messages are being sent.
```

Reviewer 2: @aneequrrehman if you update with the above we can get this in 🙏

Author: Updated.
